Test tag:

My mother would kill me if she knew I took the Rover, My mother would kill me if she knew I took the Rover
Is everyone in this town on drugs,Is everyone in this town on drugs
Don't admire people too much they might disappoint you,Don't admire people too much they might disappoint you.
Don King talks black lives white and thinks green,Don King talks black lives white and thinks green.
Ain't no Vietcong ever called me nigger, Ain't no Vietcong ever called me nigger.
You look like the heavyweight champion of pimps,You look like the heavyweight champion of pimps.
You've been taken to the cleaners and you don't even know your pants are off,You've been taken to the cleaners and you don't even know your pants are off.
If you were any less black you'd be clear, If you were any less black you'd be clear.
Well a son is a poor substitute for a lover,Well a son is a poor substitute for a lover.
She might have fooled me but she didn't fool my mother,She might have fooled me but she didn't fool my mother.
I brought you nectarines cause the peaches were hard as rocks,I brought you nectarines cause the peaches were hard as rocks
Reckon you make me some biscuits,Reckon you make me some biscuits
I came here to rob you but unfortunately I fell in love with you,I came here to rob you but unfortunately I fell in love with you
I just got my eyebrows done, I just got my eyebrows done!
Don't piss me off junior or I WILL repaint this office with your brains, Don't piss me off junior or I WILL repaint this office with your brains.
Charlotte has pudding in her Prada, Charlotte has pudding in her Prada.
Some ideals are worth dying for aren't they Jean-Luc?, Some ideals are worth dying for aren't they Jean-Luc?
Pay no attention to that man behind the curtainתPay no attention to that man behind the curtain.
The most valuable commodity I know of is information,The most valuable commodity I know of is information.
We're all just one trade away from humility,We're all just one trade away from humility.
If you want to play with animals join the circus, If you want to play with animals join the circus
Even in hell I get no respect, Even in hell I get no respect
Speak into the microphone squid brain!, Speak into the microphone squid brain!

The pavement was his enemy,The pavement was his enemy.
You gonna jump or jerk off?
For Nicky Las Vegas was the fucking wild west, For Nicky Las Vegas was the fucking wild west
So you wanna go to a real party?, So you wanna go to a real party?
I'm sorry that I didn't build you a stronger ship young Rose, I'm sorry that I didn't build you a stronger ship young Rose
The last thing I need is another picture of me looking like a porcelain doll,The last thing I need is another picture of me looking like a porcelain doll
I don't give a flying handshake what your name is, I don't give a flying handshake what your name is
In my experience there's no such thing as luck, In my experience there's no such thing as luck
The Force is strong with this one,The Force is strong with this one
I may be young but Doc I can tell you that I'm very immature,I may be young but Doc I can tell you that I'm very immature
All he wanted was some Mushu,All he wanted was some Mushu
So this is what a courtroom looks like,So this is what a courtroom looks like
what good is a phone call when you are unable to speak?,what good is a phone call when you are unable to speak?
Welcome to the desert of the real,Welcome to the desert of the real
I'd rather fight with you than make love with anyone else,I'd rather fight with you than make love with anyone else
God put you in my path and I aim to cure you of your wicked ways,God put you in my path and I aim to cure you of your wicked ways
I just cannot believe any of this voodoo bullshit,I just cannot believe any of this voodoo bullshit
Do you want to be dead Albert?,Do you want to be dead Albert?
You know your mood swings are kinda giving me whiplash,You know your mood swings are kinda giving me whiplash
I'm going out parading before it's too late!,I'm going out parading before it's too late!
Sorry we hurt your field mister,Sorry we hurt your field mister
What's the good of being a ghost if you can't frighten people away,What's the good of being a ghost if you can't frighten people away
I'm not an enigma just a contradiction,I'm not an enigma just a contradiction
your low self-esteem is just good common sense,your low self-esteem is just good common sense
My husband tells me you're in sharks,My husband tells me you're in sharks